docs(database): fix warning (#1661)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/sql.md

export class AppModule {}
```

> warning **Warning** Static glob paths (e.g., `dist/**/*.entity{{ '{' }} .ts,.js{{ '}' }}`) won't work properly with [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/).

> > warning **Warning** Note that the `ormconfig.json` file is loaded by the `typeorm` library. Thus, any of the extra properties described above (which are supported internally by way of the `forRoot()` method - for example, `autoLoadEntities` and `retryDelay`) won't be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** Note that the `ormconfig.json` file is loaded by the `typeorm` library. Thus, any of the extra properties described above (which are supported internally by way of the `forRoot()` method - for example, `autoLoadEntities` and `retryDelay`) won't be applied.
```
